RM_SCRIPTS

NAME
	srm	- "safely" remove files by moving them to a safe location.
	unrm	- moves desired files to the present working directory.
	durm	- prompts stdout with the total memory in bytes that would
		  be returned if the safe remove location is cleared
	lsrm	- lists the directory contents of the safe remove location
	trash	- removes any file in the safe remove location permanently

SYNOPSIS
	srm	[OPTION]... [FILE]...
	unrm 	[FILE]...
	durm 	...
	lsrm 	...
	trash	...

DESCRIPTION
	srm	- "Safely" remove files by moving them to a safe location. This
	          program expects there to be an environment variable exported
	          called $TRASH. If the $TRASH directory does not exist, the
	          safe remove folder will automatically be created at that 
	          location.
	      
		  If any options are given to srm, the shell built-in rm will 
	          be used instead. srm accepts all shell built-in rm options.
	      
	          If a duplicate file name is already in the safe remove bin,
	          the program exits and the user is notified.  If the file
	          a user is trying to safely remove is already in the safe
	          remove bin, the program exits and the user is notified.

	unrm  	- Moves the desired file(s) to the present working directory.
	     	  If a safe remove bin does not exist, the user is prompted
		  and the program exits.

        durm 	- Counts the total amount of bytes that would be restored
		  if the safe remove bin was cleared by removing its
		  contents via the trash program, or manual deletion.  The
		  total bytes returned does not include the size of the
		  $TRASH directory itself (which on the server is 4096 bytes).
		  If the safe remove bin does not exist, the user is prompted
		  and the program exits.

        lsrm	- Lists the directory contents of the safe remove location. If
		  the safe remove location does not exist, then the user
		  is prompted and the program exits.  Else, the ls -l program
		  is executed on the $TRASH directory.
        
	trash   - Removes all files in the safe remove location permanently
		  by executing the rm -rf program on the $TRASH path.  If
		  the path does not exist, the user is prompted and the
		  program exits.
		  
    EXIT STATUS
	0	if OK,

     	1	if there are any problems.

COPYRIGHT
	Copyright 2020
